
Requirements
Frontend:

 Create a form with fields - Publication Title, Abstract,Description, Primary Author,
 Secondary Author, Publication Date, url, ISBN, Name and email of person submitting publication.
Option to upload publication file and upload cover picture for publication
Submit the form and send confirmation email for submission

Backend

In backend side, admin should be able to login and see submission requests
Admin should have option to view the request, approve the request, decline the request
Approved request will add the publications and details to the database.
Admin can view list of approved publications
Admin can view list of rejected publications
Admin should be able to modify the submission details for example, abstract or description,
etc before approving or rejecting the submission.


Queries:

Do you have any preference for a frontend framework? No preferences for frontend
Should I create a signup for admin? or should I seed admin users? Yes, if time permits.
Do I need to create a signup/sign-in feature for people who are submitting publications? No sign up for users submitting.
Should I send an email to the publisher when the admin makes changes in the publication? No not for now
Is it okay if I use cloud storage for images and files? I was thinking of using Cloudinary for storing a
cover picture and files of the publication. Can you use AWS s3 to store the files in bucket? If not Cloudinary is fine.
In the publication, there is an option to provide an URL as well publication file. Are these both compulsory fields?
or user have an option to either provide the link to the publication file or directly upload a file for approval?
It is either or. Sometimes publications are hosted/published on Google scholar and other similar platforms so they can
share those url.
I am also adding basic validations for fields. Could you please let me know which fields are compulsory? Secondary Author,
URL, ISBN, and publication upload if URL is there.
In the confirmation email, Should I send a publication file if it is present? Just send a confirmation email with a reference no.
You have also mentioned that "Approved request will add the publications and details to the database.". Do you want me
to create publications(index) page where users can see all the approved publications available on site? Could you please
explain this part?  Yes, please create an index page where all the approved publications are listed publicly. On the same
page on top right, you can give a button to submit a new publication. And on that page user will enter all publication
related details.
Do you want to me send one more email to the user when the request either gets approved or rejected?  No not required.
Only confirmation email for submission with submission details is enough.

Submission/approval date is different from Date of publication. As it is possible publication was published years ago.

